Add SessionAffinity and SessionAffinityConfig fields to ServiceOptions (#571)
apache/solr-operator: helm/solr/README.md

| statefulSetOptions.podManagementPolicy | string | `"Parallel"` | Policy for how Solr pods should be managed in the statefulSet, ["OrderedReady" or "Parallel"](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/#pod-management-policies) |
| commonServiceOptions.annotations | map[string]string |  | Custom annotations to add to the Solr common service |
| commonServiceOptions.labels | map[string]string |  | Custom labels to add to the Solr common service |

> | commonServiceOptions.sessionAffinity | string |  | Used to maintain session affinity. Enable client IP based session affinity |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| commonServiceOptions.sessionAffinity | string | `"None"` | Choose session affinity to setup for the common service. Available options are "None" and "ClientIP". |
```
